VR game. It's the equivalent of a platformer, and similar to Irritating Stick
It has coins, it has nasty parts, and it has collidables
You hold the level with one hand and go through it with the other
Hit a collidable and, even if you're holding it with the other hand, the level will move

Dude there are so many other kinds of geometric/algebraic object you want, and here you are spending time thinking about something you're not sure if you need. You could be focussing on eg fourier / taylor series shit, which you know get used in physics

Zeeman three spheres https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKmucx1gjlQ

The task is not necessarily "Pick the best algebra, then find a visualization of that"
	It is more like "figure out the maximal thing you can find visualizations of, then get the algebra for that"
	Or rather, figure out what you want the users to do, then algebra for that
	Do people have intuitions about sphere inversion? Not really. Bit like division?
	What do we have intuitions about? Everything in PGA, sure
	How about differentiation? What's the GA of R2->R3, the "texture mapping" algebra? Motors manifold I guess
	Eh, why do you want dynamics? Fuck you, maybe you don't, build the damn thing first mofo
	You probably really shouldn't bother with the puzzle game

	

Reasons
	Frequently with scalars you do "is value between m and n". Sounds like sphere containment
	You want something as powerful as possible. You're not giving code itself but something less powerful, might as well make it as powerful as possible while still being visualized algebra
	Spherical video
	You DO want spheres of different sizes, because you want little objects to move around.
	In PGA you imagine 2 points intersecting the sphere at infinity anyway
	The way CGA would connect to graphics is that people would want the black boxes for doing things that they know should work because they're used to picturing them
	Circle inversion gives you a great interface for putting points at infinity: take a sphere and put them at the center
	Conformal argument: you do kinda like general mathy elegance if it gives you a bit of geometric elegance
	Maybe the point pairs aren't so bad? They're line segments?
	Possibly CGA nice: direction point-pair MAYBE doesn't need its magnitude to matter,
		or at least you get a viz of the magnitude
		Which is nice because these things were gonna be your differentials / velocities
	Tis silly in PGA your line intersecting with infinity is a point pair really
	When we have BCIs taking your mental images: very easy to imagine circles, spheres, flats
		Nothing else? What kind of shapes are easy to imagine? Rectangles, cuboids, capsules
	Probably you will get bored with it unless there's some cool geometry you can make
	we can form intuitions about these things, even though they're exotic, and that is nice. Why turn down the opportunity?
	All invertible+analytic functions are conformal	
		You can say "eh, dunno what these parameters are. I know what I'd like the result to be, though"
	Spheres are pretty nice. They probably are good for UI.
	People probably will want to squash things, maybe even in a jelly-like way, at least for game feel?
	Most practical curvilinear coordinate systems are accessible with conformal transformations
		And no surprise, if you're going to use a coordinate system surely you want conformal property
	GR... except no according to stephane
	You want curves, of course you do, they're nice, and arcs are the simplest curves
	They look good, you know that, your inside out things proved it to you
	Curves are nice, lines and planes all day is a bit dull. And these are the most easily-parameterized curves
	You may want to stick the plane at infinity in random places
		Check out roice's upper half space stuff http://roice3.org/h3/isometries/
		Sometimes you may want THIS line to appear straight and others curved, other times THAT line. Conformal lets you do this
		Again, playing with infinity might be very useful for investigating infinitesimals and thereby building new visualizations for differential geo
	It encompasses elliptic and hyperbolic and maybe even maquette and scale
	Useful for joukowsky transformation and therefore for conformal mappings
	It's like a lens, either a telescope or a microscope (both!).
	Keenan crane likes his conformal stuff, though that's only for 2D. SR only uses the 2D part too... Can you do cylinders with Cl(3,1)?
	collision detection is pretty darn nice. As is UI involving "nearests", i.e. sphere intersections
	It is about going to infinity and coming back, that is super interesting. There aren't many games about that. This is probably the best way to do it.
	Topology is interesting but too far. Conformal maps are complex enough to be interesting while not being nuts. Shape preserving. Shapes are nice.
	"Make this bit small and this bit large" is an interesting mechanic, but other games fudge it with nonlinearities
	Interesting how you can have "this is hard. But make this part of the level bigger - now it's easy"
	It's a fun combo of action and puzzle
	Can be based around the basics: Touch these, avoid these. That is big
	You have already implemented part of the controls and found it to be fun!!
	It is kinda like that "shoot then explode bullet and it makes a plane of damage
		For sure that one would be good for "find the minimum number of planes to do so-and-so"
	It's a non-trivial way of significantly changing geometry / surrounding environment with a simple control scheme
	It's a versatile verb
	Going between polar coords and linear is very conformal
	Spheres measure curvature, remember the riemann thing, kinda like a differential, so if you want that shit...

Meta
	To program this game, really, you should export functions from your editor.
	It doesn't have to be everything, you're not trying to build unity with that editor. But some things.
	Obviously spheres you don't wanna touch and spheres you do wanna touch. Preserved by conformal trans	
	You can... teleport in a straight line where it intersects with something? Kinda "ideal point, real point join, meet plane?"
	Sorry Jon and alan hazelden, but it's useless if it doesn't sit reasonably well within the broader project
		It's certainly good if it's essentially Bret-victor style just-look-at-the-displayWindow and you're building functions
		On the other hand, building intuition is worthwhile
	
Is it possible to do this in a discretey kind of way? With integers or rationals for coords? That'd be nice
	v -> 1/|(v-c)|

The kinds of things you use GA for that can be turned into puzzles
	Again, you're programming a robot
	REPRODUCING THE BEHAVIOUR OF REAL THINGS
	"Sweeping out planes"
	You do have quite a few buttons. Even button chords/modifiers, think godhand or lit or spartan. Just avoid menus.
	Ehhhh, you may want to do the operations, but in the situation where you've got two lines and people want the intersection, they will just want to click there
	Maybe dual/reverse/polarity are gotten by holding a certain button while holding an object?
	All mvs visualized in place. Pick up one, it makes a copy that is attached to your hand, put your hand on the other and press the chord
	You want to get a certain point, given certain other points.
	Maybe you have to specify a conformal transformation by pinning certain points to certain other points
	Maybe you're building more interesting mappings from locally conformal ones?

More generally, a game
	Come on, you're reproducing the behaviours of things
		I.e. paths through space
		VVVVVV is completely unreactive to your behaviour, it's like time is just a slice through the world
	Probably you don't need ordinary collision kinda stuff, because it's VR. Oh who are you kidding.
	You're making single expressions, each level is making an expression and then you potentially get the result of them in the next level, so don't worry about this "but I need to make a variable then use it twice" thing
	How about you're programming control schemes for robots that you then use to do things?
	Yeah, programming weapons and jewelery that respond to your body
	
Levels
	Fun joke: you hide one of the levels making it very small. The level select has to be conformally mapped to find it
	Need to shape the stage so that THIS part is easy to get through and THIS part is hard to get through
	THIS part and THIS part are close together
	Make this circle larger so the dangerous points on it are spaced further apart
	A "prove that" exercise for a surprising statement is equivalent to a "accomplish this" task for an impossible seeming puzzle

So, prototype plan:
	you have a sphere, you're trying to get it through a 3D maze containing other spheres
	sdfs with smoothmin, should be possible
	There was something you found very satisfying about inside-out symmetry
	eventually you get to levels that are impossible unless you conformally transform them
	Some objects might move along a line. But transform the line to a circle. Now it's going around, and you can get it multiple times
	Controls: your hand is in a certain place, the ball (or disc? Hoop even?) tries its best to get to there, collisions allowing
		Don't re-orient the hoop, re-orient the stage
		Hmm, sounds like a disentangle-the-nails puzzle, those suck

Controlling-avatar idea:
	You can jump up and grab lines (at a right angle), shimmy along them up to surfaces
	"Jump" button which is, at a point on a surface, going up orthogonal to that surface.
	Maybe you can only walk towards targets? There's auto-lock on?
	Maybe there are multiple agents you're controlling simultaneously? Like pixels in a shader or points in a scalar field?
	One hand just controls the direction

Graphics
	Surely you want to do all gameplay-relevant objects with sdfs
	Seeing things spin or slash is fun, probably circles should be swipes
	Could do your smoothmins after mapping the planes and the spheres, so that corners are kinda always the same size
		=> all the player ever has to think about is 
	Good source of particle effect like gamefeel: a simulated, usually just turbulent cloud around the thing
		wherever an explosion is needed, it affects that cloud
	Levels come to you as spherical jewel-like things, as you wrote about in the volume rendering thingy. Maybe you're at an altar
	Mirror drop looks pretty distinctive, go for that