make the curve MASSIVE, we're zoomed in on a point on it
Maybe the curve is now out at infinity, smooshed onto that sphere?

it's surely interesting that, at any given time, you get a transformation instead of an addition.
Pretty sure that "function which will be applied this frame" beats "number that will be added this frame"

Multiplication and division are best visualised on the projective line

Hopefully fields will be enough to get you wobbly toys

Getting too into continuum mechanics may be a mistake, probably springs is fine. Still, continuous function around a surface, sounds fun!

So let's say scalars are always lengths, and always scaled by some constant you control because you have "measurement". 
Your scalars are always on a bar chart pallett you can pick up and move around, so you can pick it up and compare it, in place, with something. 
Or, maybe you can pick them up individually and attach them?
Can they be negative? Probably not, that's too much like direction, these are magnitudes. There are arguments on both sides

Rigid body dynamics, force fields, and skinning, is likely enough to be getting along with, for sure enough for much of animation. After that, listen

Need clever stuff about hiding and showing again
    Maybe select what objects your thing is based on, everything else disappears. Maybe they're not in your hands, they're just there

The "curve -> stack of infinity copies of the manifold getting bigger (and inverted, past 0) in both directions" idea of a metric is sticking

Crazy: a movement of your hand through the air is precisely R->motors. And a mesh is precisely R2->motors
What does it look like if you just cross two of them?
	

What if you think of every PGA element as a pair (normalized geometric object, magnitude). 
Gproduct becomes (ag,am)(bg,bm)=(agbg,ambm). Isn't meet and join, practically speaking, scalar part clobbered to 0?

The reason it's pretty darn useful to focus on differential stuff
    is because if you can get the kids to determine a differential at a point in time
    well, that's all you need to make things with behaviour
    You do want folks to be able to think about curves, and things happenning over time

Platformer control scheme:
    you've got your finger, on the dome, from above.
    The avatar is in the center, always going around the (w=1 version of the) point indicated by your finger,
    osculating-circle-style
    What for?
        Nice how it generalizes to more dimensions?

How about getting intuition for colored forcefields
    Hue is direction, darkness is magnitude. And you have a big hue circle around it to remind
    Although, the right way to visualize forcefields in 2D is just height... right?

Prototype: 
    Just points and lines and, ok, the line at infinity and the directions. 
    Grab them and press your button chords.
    Maybe pinch to zoom is a good interface to get to your differentials?

The "boundary of the sphere" for 1D is just 1 and -1, or rather, "towards infinity or -infinity", and then you get a magnitude. It is on the eps = 0 line.

You're drawing paths.
These paths are in direction space.
A point traces out where it'll go in actual space
But, that's only 2D. The ball actually has to explore in 3D
So you have to do two paths, one for a point at the top, one at the bottom
They both trace out what they do. They are joined by a line, and you have to make the line avoid obstacles and hit treasures
It's a tube/rail shooter

How do you know what moment in time maps to the thing?
    So it is in 3D. While your finger is down, time moves forwards
    You can "backtrack" though, i.e. move the slice down
    You have a limited amount of "fuel", i.e. the integral can't go beyond a certain value
    Maybe you're trying to minimize that integral, the action

There are obstacles and goodies in the velocity space too?

Adding up a series of line segment lengths - that is much more like actual fucking integration

Colored possibilities, by viridis. All in the same space. When they're together, that's white
You have to deal with all the possibilities


Defining a motor (so just a hand movement), even defining a curve, maps all of 3-space, quite powerful
Differentiate that, and you have, instantaneously, a velocity field everywhere
    In 3D looks like a cylinder with all the arrows going around it, potentially one infinitely far away
And a force field? 
Is it a velocity? Don't you have second derivative too?

Are you about to just reinvent 3D modelling?
To be fair you're trying to make it so you can do stuff like that but in a way that can be programmed

The purpose of this is to try to make a single gesture control a vector field? Or a bunch of behaviour?
A general rigid-body path can be visualized with a ruled surface. That's nice
Something else you might want is

Doing it with gaze is probably right.
    Hold the "I want to grab what I'm looking at" button and look from thing to thing; what you look at will appear in your hand
    Once you definitely have what you want in your hand, let go of the button and now it's stuck there