Gotta figure out how much you'll get paid given you quit at a certain time
Want some extra cash for SF too. Flight, rent deposit
Your holidays may make a difference
Alternatively, could borrow!
May want to buy freehold
+2700 so you're spending 1900/m?
Erm £43 to sky?


Hey do wanna have the meeting with Tim first



Could you be in the same universe as someone whose universe has a different past?
Hey folks. Just learning the CHSH game and have some speculative thoughts!
We prepare two qubits
Suppose Alice and Bob





DoF of screw motions (normal rotations and translations are included

If there's ro

Sometimes X is a side effect of Y. X becomes a credible signal of Y.



Some people don't think as much as you do about social interactions. And they make "the wrong decision" in social interactions sometimes, you see them. But they move on with their fucking lives, they hope the next time it goes better, and on the whole they are happier and more productive in other areas than you.



What does the "length" of a complex number mean if that complex number is interpreted as a rotation rather than a spatial thing? It's more like how much it inflates a thing



The "he's taken? Tell me more!" effect
Females find a man more attractive when he's got a partner already
Polyamorous women: suppose you have a friend who is either a homosexual man or a heterosexual transgender woman
Suppose he or she has a partner who is attracted to you. Would you be interested in a relationship with them?




Chimera thing that might be nice: you make a little puppet show you can control with a mouse. There are just pre-defined paths for each thing. You set up poses and it'll interpolate


Maybe it's bad to see so many stripes in the quantum viz? Maybe that's "having taken the exponential"


When you go back to attempt01, the fun thing to work on would be arrays

Moving and rotating rigid bodies is a great local maximum of expressive power and complexity.
No fields, no colors
exportable to gltf
Also insight into deep maths, group theory, quantum entanglement










Your positivie and negative are like the words "more" and "less". More or less than what? Need to check against another

When you meet two planes, the discs come to that spot. Juicy. But misleading? When you meet a line and a plane, disc comes there too

Quite nice: in 2D, to reflect in a line is to rotate your whole 3D space around that line
Good for making an animation if nothing else

Probably the right plane visualization is cross hatched or something

Thinner arrow
It fucked up the window size on your phone. It was to do with opening the site one way then changing?
Black pics seem to only happen when the page loads, not when a new suspect comes

Better resolve all cashbits before deleting suspects

Scalars:
	When creating a scalar, various bars can come and sit alongside one another to show you the comparison
	For measuring a translation, given a euclidean point you can make a line segment between them whose extension passes through that point
	The position of the point along the line segment is irrelevant. It's determined by the position of those planes along it, which is a gauge too
	you can imagine the point as being in the plane joining the origin with the line of translation


-----------------IF STATEMENTS / CONDITIONALS
First implement orientations and points, which you know you need

-1 should correspond to "false" or "not equal" because it's saying "these two planes are oriented in different directions", i.e. their geometric product is -1, i.e. "!="

How would you have: "if this scalar > 0 point over here, else point over there"?
	This is "symbolic" but: an arrow flowing from the scalar to two vizes

So we have an extra variable, a "switch", which is either +1 or -1
It could be like "compare these two planes, check orientation is same"
That can be turned into "

The kinds of question to answer (ONLY EXPERIENCE OF TRYING TO IMPLEMENT THE BELOW STUFF TELL):
	Is scalar x > 0?
	Is scalar x > scalar y
	Is this point ideal or non-ideal?
	Which side of plane is point on?
	Each of these metrics that get "orientations" I guess


One way you can have 0 is the meet of two lines that don't meet. Ummm that is e0123


Could have a transformation that is either the identity or 0
"Multiply this by 0 if..." is equivalent to "only have this thing appear if", which is good

Problem with {-1,1} is that -1 is different to 0
	But maybe it isn't so different. e0 in one dimension is a pair of points. You're really either going toward one or t'other
	-e0

Convo with prathyush
	Ok, you do it in one situation, and you tell it what you want
	Construct the other, tell it the other thing you want
	There doesn't HAVE to be a boolean visualization / multivector
		Just a boolean DEFINITION
		PROBABLY there's always a given mv such that if A then it's x and if !A it's y
		So you construct x and y
	Watch that lambda calc birds thing again
	simulation in GA, multiplying by zero
	Modal vs equational
	Just need to be moment-to-moment when performing simulation, the visualization of the if statement is only a problem for this UI question

	We're going to define a boolean, it is BY DEFINITION DEPENDENT ON TWO THINGS AND SOME OPERATION

	booleans are... "oriented this way or that way". You can probably turn anything into a question like that.
	Maybe it's a little clockwise/anticlockwise thing... has to be "affected" by those things

--------------------ARRAYS
Could be more like classes? So you choose some object and duplicate it (put both hands on it, grab and pull apart)

Suppose we're 2D, you're grabbing a line. Line is currently snapped to be meet of points A and B
Move hand freely and of course this "end" of the array is being mapped to that place
	and the others in between are interpolated
Snap the line you've got to some other points C and D, stuff is also interpolated

When you move its duplicate, well...
	the whole set of your objects are defined by a directed graph where each arrow is an equation
	Obviously if this member of the class has a different value in it, it must have "derive from" different things
	So if you're going to move its position,
		there must be a duplicate made of the thing its position came from
		and that thing must be moved
	Some arrows can only go in one direction, the grade-selectors
		Hey maybe you wanna control arrow direction
		Does everything come from two arguments? If so it's a simple switch. Or cycle through them
		The way it works is: if you hold THIS ONE in place and move THIS ONE that derives from it
			It'll try to redo it such that the one you're holding in place stays there and THIS ONE moves

--------------------DIFFERENTIATION
Low priority. Work on known-good ideas then "listen"

Jon https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdAOPHgW7qM&t=16s Sean https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTzIDmjkLQo

If everything is differentiable WRT inputs you can figure out where things should be given a certain specified output
	You can freeze every other object and see how this one reacts
		Which is like taking a 2D slice of 3D, then 1D slice of 2D, and seeing

Maybe pinch to zoom is a good interface to get to your differentials?

if you can get the kids to determine a differential at a point in time, that's all you need to make things with behaviour

Adding up a series of line segment lengths - that is much more like actual fucking integration

You want a generalization of frenet serret
	differentiation in 1D, whatever who cares, probably crap to base everything on that
	Generalize to nD...
	That probably means... a tangent vector...
	Probably you're just going to do derivatives with tangent lines

Do not sweat curves. The only import differential is over time

Are you about to just reinvent 3D animation?
To be fair you're trying to make it so you can do stuff like that but in a way that can be programmed

Different values are viewed differently in different contexts. 
	And to make the most of visual intuition they need to be seen differently in the different contexts
	Their units give you info about that. 

-----------------SHOULD BE ABLE TO MAKE
Infrastructure is boring, eg "keeping score: score += 1 if ball in net". Kids can do it themselves
Pong
Bullet hell shmup
Shoot all the balls with all the guns
Shadow puppets game

Apparently dancing tutorials. Teacher does a certain thing
rope-like things
A super hexagon like puzzle exercise game
Ok so it is a about knotting. Maybe even knitting. You have a column rising out of the floor and there are, flower like, rigid wires that have hook like parts of them that you can wrap the string onto.
Most interesting vr weapon would be a whip
Jam: juggling with low gravity and trails. Maybe loops back to make a nice looped braid
You have a pile that gives you more whenever you need them
You can crank gravity down so low that you need to pull stuff down
You can change your hand radius
You can make it so that they stay in your hand plane
Different size balls with different bounce heights
Poi
blooming flower
a bouncing ball
A little "pet dog" following your hand
Flappy bird / canbalt
Weights
Skinning (dual quat fields)
	"Animation" is too broad, everything is animation. You want a kind of animation s.t. dual quat field is natural
Minimization
	Well that's just a ball getting to the bottom of a valley
Rigid body dynamics
Texture/normal mapping
	Motor manifolds, probably mappings from I^2 -> motors in 3D
Fields 
	of force
	of velocity
	the slicing of them
	their action on objects
Curves
	1D
	2D
Back to classical mechanics
A little cartoon character that
	knows what direction to look in
Import
	1D textures
	2D textures
	3D models

Platformer control scheme:
    you've got your finger, on the dome, from above.
    The avatar is in the center, always going around the (w=1 version of the) point indicated by your finger,
    osculating-circle-style
    What for?
        Nice how it generalizes to more dimensions?



-----------------MAKING ANIMATIONS

Frenet Serret
	So if you imagine time is just passing, and you're changing the orientation of your hand
    That can build up a curve in 3D space because at any given time,
        forward is the tangent
        Up is the normal
        Right is the binormal
    It's like you're firing a gun squirting a twirling tube of liquid
    Or that colored string loop shooting toy



So one very puppet like way to bring in some flexibility would be:
        motor field that varies along one direction
        Very similar to chinese dragons: you hold both ends in each hand, wave it to get nice effect
        You have the two interpolants, pretty intuitive what'll happen, maybe base a bunch on that?
        Also like an accordion

If a name is derived from (something derived from) itself, you can be sure it's "to be animated"
If it's not based on itself, you know what to do

Might be best off as a children's puppet show
	you want to be able to control from a hand model

If statements: there are loads of ways of making something crash to 0, i.e. "make it so nothing happens". Try to use that?

Things are done in the order the user did them

The game should be about crafting trajectories for objects using whatever
	Maybe it should be completely about making loops, no beginning or end, no worry about controls / seeing the whole thing when it's embedded in an article

Puppets, lots of puppets

HOW WOULD YOU MAKE AN ANIMATED THING IN EXCEL?

Colors are your "names" / your pointers to buffers
By default, everything creates a new thing, so a "series of frames" will make a dotted curve.
But you can make it so that we assign a new value to a thing. That's a choice though
And so long as you have one of these reassignments, you have a thing that can be thought of as an animation
	If there's a series, you go through them all in order




--------------------MUSIC/DANCE INSPIRED

There are multiple little areas you work on concurrently

And deleting things easily
Ability to "record" a motion of the hand, especially to create phrases in music
Maybe the ruler is visualized using the same stuff? Just an infinite line with planes along it as notches and a point in the center as its origin. Yes, still special case, getting transformed together

Rigid body puppets to make
	Flapping birds and beetles
	Waving flowers
	Rotating planets
	Moving eyes
	Snake
	Penguin
	Quadruped is too much, maybe hedghog



--------------------REVERSIBILITY / REVERSIBLE
Z derived from X and Y. Can "Hold X in place and move Z, changing Y"

The idea is you may both the angle and the line

--------------------FUNCTIONS
Need to be able to have something like a function: "what I just did for this, except with this input"

Way of defining a function:
	"Gather" all the things you want as inputs
	select what the output is
	Now that's in the library of things that'll be run through when you have that bunch of types
	Is it a problem that f(point2,point1) can't be distinguished from f(pointB,pointA)? Not really because both would have to be generated from you unordered pile anyway

This is where programming by example comes in. Or is it needed?

Excel doesn't really do function syntax in a way you can rip off
Excel function syntax works as: "you have these three cells, you're going to act on them"
With your thing, you can designate function inputs: you can "isolate" the variables you want as input
Then that just gets added to your joypad directions
But the point of the game version is you won't be making new functions willy-nilly
Each one will be introduced with a level



--------------------CONTROLS
probably you should be able to do one with one hand and one with t'other
the ones being used to make the candidate should highlight when being used

The way to make a curve is just a series of points

"Hide" button

----------SHOWING / HIDING
Let's assume everything is visible to start with

Re hiding, the shit that defines each mv in the final viz is a "scope"
There's a button which, when pressed on an mv, shows you what derives from it
And a button that does that recursively perhaps
Hide something that's not used in any visible mv = delete

Visibility modes:
all visible
Only your starting points
only those in scope visible
only those in final game visible

When you open the vizes of a different object, it should any invisible vizes you currently have open
unless it's causally downstream of the vizes for the one you currently have open. In which case, if there's intermediate ones, you show those too. This is good because you can hit "viz that is currently buggy" then "viz that you know is fine" and see where things went wrong

So showing and hiding is a big deal
	You could, by default, hide everything that lead up to the final thing you've made
	Then people have to make those things again. Er, why is this a good idea?

There's the game view, and then there's the "currently doing something" view in which you spend most of your time
The game view is extremely faded and in the background. Like, render it to a texture and fade it.


-----------------ANIMATIONS ILLUSTRATING THE ALGEBRA
How you show the "formulae within": when you make object X based on objects A, B, C, it briefly flashes up all the intermediate objects

It "should" be the case that frameDelta = 0 gives 0 change to something. It should be differentiable
The ruler, which has all your scalars on it, is powerful. You can put it in a certain place, at a certain angle, and measure a distance

You're working with two superimposed frames so you can get differential
	This is also how you conceptualized "based on frame n we are affecting n+1". Things in frame n are un-alterable



--------------------TWO QUBITS
Try to prove 4 vectors over C are isomorphic?

Potential fun way to lay out quantum circuits:
	you can organize them on a 2D grid
	They're all plane-pairs through their respective origins
	Some of them will have their lines parallel, those are, er, closer to being in phase
	Some will have their planes the same, those are actually the same
	Have them all in a row. Let the quantum circuits stream through them
	Could have a nice conformal transformation that makes it so you don't have to look THAT far up to see where the planes converge (because the planes are spherical


--------------------MISC / PHILOSOPHICAL / PUT THIS INTO THE PRESENTATION
Play to your strengths: GA lets you make things, the people in charge of roblox don't know this
	The idea of manipulating all the points in a curve, seeing how your solution performs in general, is surely good. It's an even better idea than GA
	Eh, but you do kinda need to skip to 3D to build this interface
	
What for?
	Simplifying code is something we all know is good. Make tools to help automate that!
	Make it so people learn these simplifying/geometrical things
	Ordinary physics and maths is about doing these / teaching theorems
	Runtime differentiation
	The maths you write in your notebook then use to derive a single crazy formula that you put in a line of code - that should be in your codebase
	What it says about this system
		Algebra can be useful to a computer scientist if you stay consistent

This is very much the "literal terms" approach. In sport, people do talk about spaces. They DON'T construct elaborate non-literal things then talk about THOSE.

-------------------NAMES
implement IF OR WHEN YOU NEED IT

This allows you to do arrays, by having all the things be the same color
It also allows you to have self reference in some sense? Give them individuality
Need something on these vizes that shows you their name
	stripes in the case of line
	horizontal strips in the case of points
	Plane, ehh
		Could be boundary, could be in the middle, wherever that is
		Maybe there's a thing on it, and it always moves to be quite close to where you'll next look on the plane
There's a "rename" button. Click it on an object and you get a radial menu of existing names
	To animate, you make a new point based on a previous point then make the new name the same as what it's based on
	You may want to rename for other reasons
		Suppose you've got lines a, b and c = a^b
		But you want c, which is involved in other things, to be a^d instead
		You construct a^d and it gets assigned the name x. Then you rename x to c and now all flows from that

-------------------RENDERING
You DON'T want to change the lighting on reflected objects, they should be lit as if they were real objects

Consider: the points and lines could be like stars in the sense that they look no different how close or far they are.
In that situation you need neither a mesh nor an sdf? You just need a way of computing where they'll appear to be?

So these mirrors. They reflect the "background". But NOT the objects, unless you use 'em that way. Probably they're also transparent mirrors, urgh.
Probably they're not pure mirrors, you really need some ripples on them or whatever. Scratches?
By the way maybe they can have fading at the edges

Maybe everything south of the equator LOOKS like it's at infinity
Single fragment shader / sdf:
	https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XsXXDB
	Best not to use sdf because when you do your funky transform with finitized infinity it's not closed form
	Ambient occlusion
	Soft shadows
	Not performant, limited bounces
	Doesn't work for meshes / you need another kind of reflection

Stencil:
	Maybe you do want to render objects differently sometimes
	Probably pretty good performance
	Have to work out light direction
	You have something like n^m draw calls. n is number of bounces, m number of mirrors

Render targets:
	Have to work out order
	No nice shadows
	Performance might be crap
	You need 3 layers because points
	If you were to do it
		Only have the three reflections when you're showing a motor
			We render the scene from the point of view of the deepest reflections
				Then the next
				Then the final
